Environments update (#2777)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/environments/dbt-core-environments.md

---
title: "dbt Core Environments"
id: "dbt-core-environments"
---

> dbt makes it easy to maintain separate production and development environments through the use of [targets](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target.md) within a [profile](/reference/profiles.yml.md). A typical profile when using dbt locally (i.e. running from your command line) will have a target named `dev`, and have this set as the default. This means that while making changes, your objects will be built in your _development_ target, without affecting production queries made by your end users. Once you are confident in your changes, you can deploy the code to _production_, by running your dbt project with a _prod_ target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt makes it easy to maintain separate production and development environments through the use of [targets](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target.md) within a [profile](/reference/profiles.yml.md). A typical profile, when using dbt locally (for example, running from your command line), will have a target named `dev` and have this set as the default. This means that while making changes, your objects will be built in your _development_ target without affecting production queries made by your end users. Once you are confident in your changes, you can deploy the code to _production_, by running your dbt project with a _prod_ target.
```

:::info Running dbt in production

You can learn more about different ways to run dbt in production in [this article](/docs/deploy/deployments).

:::

> Targets offer the flexibility to decide how to implement your separate environments – whether you want to use separate schemas, databases, or entirely different clusters altogether! We recommend using _different schemas within one database_ to separate your environments. This is the easiest to set up, and is the most cost effective solution in a modern cloud-based data stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Targets offer the flexibility to decide how to implement your separate environments – whether you want to use separate schemas, databases, or entirely different clusters altogether! We recommend using _different schemas within one database_ to separate your environments. This is the easiest to set up and is the most cost-effective solution in a modern cloud-based data stack.
```

---
title: "dbt Core Environments"
id: "dbt-core-environments"
---

> ## How do I maintain different environments with dbt Core?

Reviewer 2: Hey @dave-connors-3, can you either pull this into the page title or remove it entirely? The reason is that when people google "dbt core environments" their search will return the title and the paragraph, but we'd rather only provide an informative paragraph.

> ## How do I maintain different environments with dbt Core?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: sugg:
- as a best practice, avoid a title following another title with no content in between. it's a signal that there might be page IA issues. goal is to make every word count because people like to scan (versus read)

Author: removed title per your and @runleonarun 's feedback!
